Subtitles by explosiveskull
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
CHRIS:
My name is Chris Norton.
And I'm
a documentary filmmaker.
I shot my first film.
if you can call it that.
on my 7th birthday.
[INDISTINCT ARGUING]
[ARGUING CONTINUES]
Stop it!
Shut up!
And you go
and watch some TV.
Go to your room.
I remember it well
'cause it was my birthday.
I said. "Watch some TV"!
Hey. Nell!
Come back.
Stop what you're doing.
Nell. come back!
Ah. very nice.
Nell!
Hey. Nell!
Chris.
Go on. keep back.
[EXPLOSION]
CHRIS:
It was just a power surge.
But it was enough for my father
to take the act
of a desperate woman and turn it
into another of his obsessions.
That night. he became convinced
that my mother
was abducted by aliens.
My father died two weeks ago...
...never giving up
on that belief.
So I decided to make this film.
To disprove one of the greatest
myths of this century.
The one
that destroyed my family.
The alien abduction phenomenon.
[MID-TEMPO MUSIC PLAYS]
♪ Shout me home
♪ You are
♪ Shine for me like a star
Meet Kyle.
our grip and local guide.
KYLE: Hey. hey.
How it's going?
- How you doing?
- KYLE: Good.
- Kyle Blackburn.
- Chris Norman.
Yeah. nice to meet you.
I'm Brent.
KYLE:
The convention's over here.
- Bill. this is Chris Norton.
- Chris.
- Hey.
- Bill Johnson.
- Nice to meet you.
- Yeah. great to meet you.
- This is Brent.
- Oh. hey. there. Brent.
Welcome to
the International UFO Congress.
Have you ever been
to this conference before?
I don't believe so.
Well. then let me
show you around.
- Right.
- You okay there. Brent?
- Get my good side.
- He's just gonna be
- following us. Thank you.
- BILL: All righty.
I built this convention
from the ground up
when Roswell was nothing more
than a joke.
Now we attract world-renowned
experts. and our town thrives.
We have over 100 exhibitors
this year.
and somewhere between.
oh. 5.000 and 10.000 guests
will pass through the doors.
Hm. So. you're a skeptic.
Mr. Norton?
Oh. what makes you say that?
Oh. I can always spot
a non-believer.
- [BRENT LAUGHS]
- Well. I'm a reporter at heart.
so I like to let the evidence
guide my opinion.
Well. there certainly is
plenty of evidence here.
I think you'll find it
quite compelling.
I sure hope so.
I'm just curious
about these sculptures.
And which ones are the ones
that allegedly abduct humans?
WOMAN: Well. you mind
if I give a little test to you?
- Sure.
- I'm just curious.
Let me have you hold this.
And I just want you to tell me
if you feel anything whatsoever
when you hold it.
I feel like
I'm holding a black...
- [KNOCKING]
- ...sculpture.
Oh. Whoa.
My hand just started tingling.
In the future. perhaps
you may have an experience.
But regardless of what happens.
you need to be open-minded
and be in your heart.
I know it's hard for you
to believe this stuff.
but as long as you keep
pushing away any possibilities.
you're limiting yourself.
You don't want to do that.
I'll tell you what I'm gonna do.
I'm gonna give you my card.
Just give me a call.
- You're gonna have contact.
- [BRENT CHUCKLES]
[SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC PLAYS]
MAN: And then they grabbed
her photograph...
ADAM:
It's hard to remember much.
There was a bright light.
and then two hours later.
I was still just... there.
Like nothing happened.
Yeah. I understand that's
fairly common... the light.
It seemed to affect
my ability to move.
Yeah.
And my memories...
It did something
with my memories.
Okay. so. considering that.
is it possible for you
to even remember anything
from the actual abduction?
It was like a nightmare.
It was cold.
and that light. it...
There was light everywhere. but
not like it came from anywhere.
I was strapped to a table.
And they...
they did things.
[CRYING]
[SNIFFLES]
Adam.
Are you familiar
with the phenomenon
- known as false memory syndrome?
- You think I made it up?
No. I don't think
you made it up intentionally.
But it is a self-defense
mechanism of the mind.
I know what I saw!
Okay. I remember
when they took me.
- I remember it.
- Okay.
Well. you said it yourself...
It was like a nightmare.
Maybe it was
an actual nightmare.
Leave me alone!
You're just trying to hurt me
- like the rest of them.
- I'm not trying to hurt you.
No. you're just trying to hurt
me just like all of them.
CHRIS: Okay. look.
Listen.
You've got to be willing
to face the truth
- if you're ever gonna get free.
- No! Leave me alone!
You're just like all of them.
okay?
- CHRIS: Whoa! Hey! Hey!
- Adam.
What the hell are you doing?
Hey!
This is my interview.
Get the hell out of here.
- ADAM: I know what I saw.
- EMILY: It's okay. Come on.
- I know what I saw.
- What the hell are you doing?!
What are you doing?
I'm trying to help him out.
He's got to be willing
to confront the truth.
The "truth" is none
of your goddamn business!
- But it's yours?
- Yes! This is my friend!
Who are you to determine
what the truth is for anyone?
I'm just trying to let him know
and you
that the truth
is not an opinion.
It's a verifiable fact.
Okay. Well. then verify this.
Go fuck yourself.
- Come on.
- CHRIS: [SIGHS]
- [NOTEBOOK THUDS]
- Hey. Get over here.
Now we got to find
somebody else to interview.
What the hell
was going on in here?
[SIGHS]
I was doing an interview.
and he starts freaking out.
I'm just asking him
simple questions.
Turn that off. please.
I can't have any of this.
I can't have it. Okay?
You just need
to pack up your stuff.
and you need to get out of here
right now.
Just go.
Everything's okay. folks.
It's all right.
Tell him it's okay.
He can start up again.
Everything's good here.
We're all good.
Sorry.
Hey. who's that girl
that just came in?
Emily?
She's a local girl.
- Emily Reed.
Maybe I was too harsh.
I don't know.
But I felt like I at least had
to explain myself to Emily.
Kyle found out she organizes
some of community gathering
just outside of town.
That's what I love
about documentaries...
You never know where
the story's gonna take you.
- Whoa. whoa. whoa. whoa.
- Hmm?
- We're going live on this one.
- [CAMERA BEEPS]
You're the boss.
BRENT:
Go. go. go. go.
AGNES: It's not knowing
the truth that hurts... the most.
Sorry to interrupt.
We're with Emily.
- [DOOR CLOSES]
- These guys with you?
Agnes. it's okay.
Go on.
I just [SIGHS]
I feel like if I just knew
what they wanted with me...
what it is
they were trying to do. then...
everything would be okay.
[BREATHES DEEPLY]
Hi. My name is Emily Reed.
TOGETHER: Hi. Emily.
I was abducted the first time
on my 7th birthday.
Did she just say "abducted"?
Did she say "the first time"?
The second time
was the day I turned 14.
And then. seven years later.
they came for me again.
It doesn't matter where I hide
or what I do.
They always find me.
And like all of you.
what I want more than anything
is to know why.
Bye. guys.
Thank you again.
Thank you.
Thank you for coming.
- Bye. Mike.
- [CHUCKLES]
- Good deal. See you next week.
- All right.
Is that dude your boyfriend?
'Cause he looked at me like he
wants to punch me in the face.
- So do I.
- [LAUGHING] Okay. Hold on.
Hold on. Let me explain.
I was not trying to hurt Adam.
- I was trying to help him.
- Help him?
By telling someone who's in pain
that they're making it up?
I was merely suggesting to him
that maybe what he thinks
- is real isn't.
- What if there are
- different versions of reality?
- You can't have
different versions of reality.
- Reality is not an opinion.
- Sure. it is.
And it's my opinion
that you're an asshole.
There have been studies...
And that's not an opinion.
- There have been studies...
- Studies.
Studies. You know...
the scientific things?
Which prove that in order
for healing to take place.
people have to be willing
to confront the truth.
Okay. you know what?
- Let me ask you something.
- Shoot.
What do you see?
[CHUCKLES] I see an arrowhead
at the end of a necklace.
What do you see?
I see a stone that was formed
millions of years ago
and a weapon that was made
by an ancient civilization
and a piece of jewelry that I've
had since before I can remember.
Now. the "truth"
is it's billions of atoms
made of up trillions of protons.
held together
by zillions of electrons.
But that doesn't make any
of the other things less true.
I don't think
zillions is a real number.
Sure. it is.
It's just
this side of a googolplex.
Look. no one here
actually knows "the truth."
All I know for sure is that...
something's been happening
to me.
- My whole life.
- I believe you.
But what evidence. what actual.
hard. empirical evidence
do you have
that these experiences have been
alien abductions and not
some other kind of phenomenon?
EMILY: Well. maybe you can see
for yourself.
Sunday is my 28th birthday.
Seven years to the day since
the last time that I was taken.
[RUSTLING]
CHRIS: Nice work. Brent.
So much for your hidden camera.
- BRENT: Signing off.
- [BEEP]
[SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC PLAYS]
Do you think she's real?
I don't know. I mean.
she doesn't seem delusional.
I mean. the repeated pattern of
abductions is a little strange.
That's definitely not usual.
Well. maybe
she just hates birthdays.
- [SIGHS]
- Kind of like you
a couple years ago. but
I guess you wouldn't remember.
'cause you ended up passed out
in the gutter.
You know I don't like birthdays.
and you know why.
'Cause they remind me of my mom.
Emily's not like that.
though. man. I'm telling you.
She's displaying symptoms
of FMS.
Oh. shit.
- Do you see that?
- Huh?
Look. look. look!
- Right there. White light.
- Where?
White light. Right there.
Get the camera.
How am I gonna get the camera?
I'll get the camera.
It's getting closer.
- Wow. Wow.
- You know what?
That's the problem
with all this bullshit.
You start thinking about it
so much.
and then next thing you know.
your imagination is going crazy.
BRENT:
Is that an alien campground?
Oh! Shit!
[TIRES SCREECHING]
- Oh!
- Shit. man!
What the hell. dude?!
This is why you never drive.
- I just hit something.
- What do you mean?
- Like an animal?
- It wasn't an animal. man.
Something else.
I don't...
- [SEATBELT CLICKS]
- You're not going out there?
Yeah. How else
are we gonna know what you hit?
Don't do it.
- You're crazy.
- Yeah. I'm crazy.
- Don't do it!
- [VEHICLE DOOR CLOSES]
- [SIGHS]
- [FLASHLIGHT CLICKS]
[SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC PLAYS]
Well. I'll be damned.
- Aah!
- [LAUGHS]
Hey.
You gotta come check this out.
[VEHICLE DOOR CLOSES]
Look at this.
BRENT: Whoa.
Oh.
I guess you did hit something.
- BRENT: All right. Well...
- CHRIS: It's in the bush. too.
Oh. it goes this way.
BRENT:
We can get in the car now.
- CHRIS: Oh. there's more.
- [BRENT SIGHS]
Dude. check it out.
See the blood?
I told you. man.
It wasn't my imagination.
There's something out there.
- [GROWLS]
- CHRIS: Oh. oh! Oh! Oh. shit!
Oh. shit!
[LAUGHS]
- Oh. my...
- It's just a pig.
- Huh?
- You thought we found E.T..
- didn't you? Huh?
- I just shit my pants.
- Move! Watch it!
- [GROWLING]
Oh. my God.
Behind you.
- Chris!
- What?
CHRIS: Dude. what the hell
are you doing?
- [FOOTSTEPS DEPARTING RAPIDLY]
- CHRIS: Hey!
- BRENT: Get out of here!
- Hey!
- It's just a pig.
- Let's go. let's go.
let's go. let's go!
There's something out there!
Let's go!
Come on!
What the hell is wrong with you?
There's nothing out there.
BRENT:
Please. please. please.
- We got to go.
- [VEHICLE DOOR OPENS]
- CHRIS: Shit. buddy.
- [TIRES SCREECH]
[LAUGHS]
- BRENT: Oh. my...
- It's just a pig.
- [VIDEO REWINDING]
- Brent did film something.
He was convinced
that it looked like
this little black alien statue
we saw at the convention.
[ECHOING]
Just give me a call.
[SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC PLAYS]
Ooh.
Huh.
Is this
what they were talking about?
BRENT: [CHUCKLES]
- We are looking for...
- Hello?
[SOFT CLATTER]
You hear something back there?
- Hello?
- Lose something?
What can I do for you.
my young. very good-looking man?
Well. it seems that we met
an associate of yours
last night at the convention.
Yeah. that would be
my half sister. Hicktyn.
You probably noticed she's. mm.
not quite all there.
That's because. uh. my stepdad
is from...
- CHRIS: Uh...
- Joke.
- Oh. [CHUCKLES]
- Oh.
Anyway. we got a few questions
for you
about a sculpture
that Hicktyn mentioned.
Uh-huh?
A guy in a black cloak?
Yeah.
This is the one.
That's it.
It's the one... that I saw.
Yeah. Yeah. I know.
I saw the footage.
It's one of the more common
sightings in these parts.
Really? So. you're saying that
this is an extraterrestrial?
- Absolutely.
- [LAUGHS]
You know [CLEARS THROAT]
we get our fair share
of non-believers.
come to disprove this or that.
But sooner or later.
if they stay long enough...
...they come
to realize the truth.
- Hmm.
- [BLOWS]
You come with me.
I want to show you something.
Come on. then.
This is where I keep
the real important stuff.
Who's that?
LUCILLE:
Oh. that's my husband. Ed.
Just ignore him.
This...
...is an interesting specimen.
CHRIS:
What the hell is that?
LUCILLE:
It's a memory-stealing device.
Or at least
that's what we think.
Most victims experience
blackouts and losses of memory
during abduction.
Sometimes. after they return.
whole chunks of memories
are just... missing.
Can I take a closer look
at that. please?
You know. I had it analyzed.
They can't identify
the materials.
How much do you want for it?
It's not for sale.
It's not even mine.
How'd you get it. then?
Whose is it?
I got it from the same person
that described
the black-cloaked figure.
A local girl.
Her name's Emily.
- Emily Reed.
Okay. this is her place.
She's probably in her studio
right now.
That's the patio 'round back.
You know. guys. probably not
gonna be too happy to see us.
But when has
that ever stopped me?
[VEHICLE DOORS CLOSING]
- Hello?
- [GRINDING WHIRRING]
BILL: Emily. I just don't want
to see you get hurt. That's all.
I mean.
look what he did to Adam.
- He's clearly not one of us.
- Hey.
- We got to be careful.
What are you doing here?
Ah. I could ask you
the same thing there. cowboy.
Will you kindly turn
the camera off. please?
Why don't you just
pack up your stuff
and just head on back home?
She doesn't want to talk to you.
- It's okay. Bill.
- CHRIS: See?
It's okay. Bill.
Would do you know?
[BOTH CHUCKLE]
I'd be on my best behavior.
if I were you.
My patience is waning.
Is that a threat?
- Just a little friendly advice.
- Hm.
♪ I
♪ Knew you
back when your eyes were clear ♪
♪ Since the days
when we'd just disappear ♪
♪ Off the face
of the broken earth ♪
♪ Past the place
where we couldn't get hurt ♪
[CHUCKLES]
What is all this?
I sell art
at all the local shops in town.
Those are most wonderful-looking
bicycle wheels I've ever seen.
It's a dreamcatcher.
It catches
all the good dreams...
And gets rid
of all the bad ones.
Right?
How's that working out for you?
[SIGHS] What can I do
for you. Mr. Norton?
Well. last night. on the way
home. we saw someone. driving.
- Or something.
- Well.
someone dressed like this.
Grab it.
The lady from Seti Alpha 5
said it was carved
from your description.
It's not just mine.
There are others.
Listen. Emily.
I'm not your enemy.
Can you hand me those scissors
over there. please?
For you.
Scissors.
When I was 7. my mom left home.
On my birthday. actually.
[CHUCKLES]
And until the day he died.
my father believed
that she was abducted by aliens.
But that was just a crazy story
he made up in his head.
of course.
Just another one
of his wild conspiracy theories.
The truth is.
he was an obsessive drunk
who drove her away.
It's not the aliens' fault
she didn't come back. It's his.
But no matter how hard I tried.
no matter what I said.
no matter what I did. I...
couldn't get him
to confront that truth.
I don't understand
what you want from me.
There's a technique
called regression hypnosis.
A therapist
can help you remember
what really happened to you.
what's still
apparently happening to you.
Okay.
This is what regression therapy
did for me.
MAN:
Very good. Emily.
Now. free of any pain or upset.
I want you to describe
what you see.
The lights are very bright.
but it's...
it's cold. Sterile.
Like a hospital.
MAN: Is there anyone else there
with you?
- I don't know.
- It's okay. Emily.
The memory
is completely free of pain.
Now. who else
is there with you?
They're. uh...
They're tall.
MAN: Good. Good.
Go on.
They're looking at me.
They want something from me.
MAN:
What is it they want?
EMILY:
[BREATHING HEAVILY]
I don't know.
- I don't know what they want.
- You have to look deep. Emily.
The memory is there.
You just have to dig deeper.
I can't. No.
I can't.
- No!
- MAN: It's okay.
They'll hurt me!
- They'll hurt me!
- MAN: It's okay.
They will!
They don't want me to remember!
No! No!
I have plenty of sequels
just like that.
You guys can do a marathon night
and watch them all. if you want.
CHRIS: [SIGHS]
The lady from Seti Alpha 5
has something
called a memory device.
She said she got it from you.
Do you know anything about that?
Yeah.
I. um...
I found it the last time
they brought me back.
Okay.
Found it where?
Here.
I'd like to get
that device analyzed.
Do you think you can get it back
from Lucille?
I don't think so.
Brent and I can take it.
get it analyzed.
- find out where it came from.
- I don't think so.
CHRIS:
I understand that.
- but I think...
- I don't think you're listening!
I don't want to. and I really
think you guys should leave.
We got to get our hands
on that device.
How?
You heard her.
I don't know. but whatever's
going on with that girl.
it has something to do
with that device.
So. do you still not believe
in aliens?
Of course I don't.
Why? Do you?
I don't know. I saw that thing
on the back of her head.
That's some weird freakin' shit.
Yeah. no shit
it's weird freakin' shit.
That's why we got to find out
what the hell it is.
- Everything okay?
- Yeah. Sure. Why wouldn't it be?
He's just been sitting there.
waiting. since you went inside.
- Who?
- Bill.
- BRENT: Why?
- I think he's worried
- you're gonna hurt business.
- Oh. business?
You mean preying
on peoples' fears for profit?
I'm just saying.
We should be careful.
Bill's a powerful guy
around here.
What. are you saying
he's dangerous?
We don't want any trouble from
him. That's what I'm saying.
- There's rumors.
- What rumors?
What kind of rumors?
That he used to be some kind of
"contractor" for the military.
[CHUCKLES] Then. again.
they're just rumors. right?
BRENT:
Yeah. just rumors.
[ENGINE STARTS]
CHRIS: I'd only known Emily
for about 24 hours.
Man. from the first moment
I saw her. I knew.
I knew.
I knew I had to help her
if I could.
But how do you convince someone
that what they believe...
I mean. really believe...
is untrue?
Even worse...
...what happens when you start
to believe it. too?
All right.
to activate the low-light sensor
- if it gets dark. right here.
- CHRIS: Okay.
- Boom.
- All right. Got it.
Tighten this up.
All right.
- [BREATHES DEEPLY] All right.
- Think we're ready?
All right. you ready?
Huh?
- Yeah. I'm ready.
- Hey. Are you ready?
- I'm ready. but...
- All right. Let's go.
You really need me to go?
There's no reason for both of us
to commit a felony.
CHRIS: Don't be dramatic.
That thing's fake.
And when we find out it's fake.
I might need the footage
as evidence to prove it.
[DOG HOWLING]
BRENT:
I don't want to go to jail. man.
Let's make this
a quick in and out.
We're breaking and entering.
Oh. man.
We're now committing a crime.
Ah.
Look at that.
Just trespassing.
Okay.
Just a little trespassing.
That's not so bad.
[SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC PLAYS]
A doggy. Doggy.
Check these out.
- Dude. stop screwing around.
- They feel so real.
You know you've been in L.A.
too long. then.
- [CLATTER]
- Shit.
[SIGHS]
It's all make-believe.
Nothing here is real.
- CHRIS: Would you shut up?
- What?
[BANGING IN DISTANCE]
All right.
[BREATHES DEEPLY]
- Go.
- [DOOR OPENS. CREAKS]
- Hey. Turn off the light.
- [FLASHLIGHT CLICKS]
Sweet.
What?
Did something...
Shh.
I don't know. man.
That's it.
[OMINOUS MUSIC PLAYS]
- Oh! Dude!
- ED: Who's there?
- Don't move!
- BRENT: Aah!
Get out of my property.
you sons of bitches!
CHRIS: Open. open!
Open. open. open!
- BRENT: Aah! Aah! Aah! Aah!
- [GUNSHOT]
Go! Go! Go!
- Go. go. go. go!
- [ENGINE STARTS]
- Come on! Get in!
- Go. go. go. go!
And don't you ever come back!
[GROANING]
CHRIS: [LAUGHING]
Whoo-hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo!
Ohh! I just got shot
by an old man in the leg.
- [LAUGHS]
- You think that's funny?
- That's funny to you?
- Yeah.
It's not funny.
[BREATHES DEEPLY]
You okay?
Yeah.
It's just a little bird shot.
Grazed the skin.
Hurts like hell. though.
[LAUGHS]
Good work. good work.
- Oh!
- Yeah!
We've officially been shot at.
my friend.
I'm gonna use that.
That will get me laid.
I know it. I'm shot.
- Have you ever been shot?
- I've never been shot.
Whew!
Here. let me see that thing.
- What thing?
- The thing I just got shot for.
- [LAUGHS]
- Let me see it.
- Why?
- What do you mean. "why"?
Because I want to see if it has
"Made in China" stamped on it.
Let me see the frickin' thing.
What the hell is it all about.
anyways?
You got to see
this thing up close. man.
- I did. I held it.
- No. You got to feel it.
It's like nothing
I've ever felt before.
You sound like you're describing
a woman right now.
It feels more foreign than that.
- [LAUGHS]
- Oh! Ow!
- CHRIS: What the hell?
- Oh!
[GASPS]
What the...
What the fuck was that?
I don't know. man.
I don't know.
It felt like electricity.
like. all through my hands.
- What? From that?
- Yeah. yeah. yeah.
I just rubbed it. and the
frigging thing electrocuted me.
Okay. okay. Okay.
when we get back to the hotel.
I'm gonna run it back
the cameras
and just watch it in slo-mo. and
see what the hell just happened.
The fuck was that?
Here. give it back now.
BRENT: Gladly.
[SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC PLAYS]
[BOTH LAUGHING]
CHRIS: Come on.
- You're killing me here.
- Just seeing if you're alive.
Yeah. well...
KYLE:
Where the hell you guys been?
What do you mean?
What's wrong?
[VEHICLE DOOR CLOSES]
Nothing.
I've been calling you for hours.
What are you talking about?
We've been gone. like.
what. less than an hour?
- It's 3:00 a.m.. man.
- What?
- It's 3:00 a.m.
- What are you talking about?
- You guy left at 11:00.
- What?
- What the hell happened to him?
- He got his ass shot.
- You okay?
- Crazy old guy.
- It's a long story.
- How is it 3:00 in the morning?
It can't be.
I got some footage
you guys got to see.
CHRIS: [SIGHS]
I'm gonna sync my cameras
with the GoPros in the car...
...see what we got here.
- Is it bad?
- Aah! Aah!
...want to see
if it's made in China.
- See it? See it?
- Just give me...
- [VIDEO FAST-FORWARDING]
- This thing. it's like...
It's like nothing
I've ever felt before.
You sound like you're
describing a woman right now.
No. No. it's even
more foreign than that.
- [LAUGHS]
- Oh!
- KYLE: What?
- You see that?
CHRIS: Yeah. I saw that.
[VIDEO REWINDING]
BRENT: Fried my camera.
Here it is.
There's the flash. That was
the one I was telling you about.
Wait. No. no. no. Hold on. Hold
on. Keep playing. There's more.
[VIDEO FAST-FORWARDING]
Okay.
KYLE:
The hell you guys looking at?
What the fuck?
I don't remember this.
I mean. this doesn't make
any sense.
We're just sitting there.
staring.
Okay. Just. uh...
- Did the engine just die?
- CHRIS: We're stopping the car.
I never stopped the car.
I never pulled over.
[HORN HONKING]
But I never stopped the car.
I never stopped driving.
We were driving the whole time.
Right? I mean...
The thing shocked you.
We're still driving.
- I mean. what...
- Look at the time.
Time just keeps moving.
but we're not going anywhere.
We're just...
Fast-forward.
BRENT: Same. It's the same.
It's the same.
- [VIDEO FAST-FORWARDING]
- Okay. I'm...
I'm freaked out now.
Come on.
- [TIRES SCREECH]
- Holy...
Oh. now. what? We're just
driving all of a sudden again?
- This doesn't make any sense.
- I don't know.
- I don't know what to say.
- It's impossible.
It's literally impossible.
CHRIS: Two hours.
We sat there for two hours.
I set out to prove
that alien abductions
were nothing more
than false memories
created by fragile minds
to cover painful truths.
But that's the problem
with searching for the truth.
Because if you're open
and honest
and willing to follow
the evidence
no matter where it takes you.
sometimes...
the truth can be more painful
than the dream.
REPORTER: And I know our viewers
are really interested
because you claim
that you have some evidence.
- Can you share that with us?
- I didn't know at the time.
but my little kid. Chris. he...
He filmed you and your wife?
Yeah. he filmed it all.
And that's the tape?
Can we see it?
- [NELL SHOUTING INDISTINCTLY]
- PETER: It's about you!
It's about you all the time!
[ARGUING CONTINUES]
REPORTER:
So. what's happening there?
Oh. that's me and my wife
having a little argument.
Too obsessed with my things
and my wife. You know.
So. there.
Go to your room.
Fast-forward.
So. there.
There.
Keep watching.
You see?
That's it.
- There it is.
- [EXPLOSION]
That's the light.
Can you see it?
Up there.
Becoming stronger and stronger.
and then...
- REPORTER: And. Peter. you...
- [EXPLOSION]
So. you believe
that Nell was abducted?
Maybe we all were abducted.
And they forgot to put her back.
Yeah. I was gone. as I said.
for a couple of hours.
Then. when I came back.
it's like...
...strange.
To be gone
for two. three hours.
CHRIS: I've watched the video
a thousand times.
Every single time
from the same perspective.
But then. last night.
something happened to us
when we were driving home.
There was a power surge.
The power in the car went out.
but the cameras kept rolling.
The cameras caught us sitting
in a trance for two hours.
And we don't remember shit.
And then I happened to think.
My dad said the same thing.
He said that.
after the power surge.
he blacked out
for several hours.
As much as I don't like it.
I can't ignore the similarity.
I have to know
what happened last night.
and I have to know
what happened to him.
I already know what happened.
All you know is that
somebody attached this device
- to the back of your head.
- Where did you get that?
Is that why the sheriff's
been calling me?
I told you...
I don't want any part of this!
Don't you want to know
what it is?
- Don't you want to know why?
- You know what?
Unless you find some way
to communicate with "them."
- you can't find out why.
- Oh!
You'd just rather have
your head in the sand?
I want to know!
We have to find out
where the thing came from.
It's my birthday tomorrow.
I know.
That's why...
...you have to let me lead you
to the truth.
Why do you care so much?
I mean. we just met.
I don't know.
I don't know
if it will change anything.
I don't think it will.
But...
...if you really do want
to stay with me.
I'm going someplace today.
Someone who might
be able to help.
Do you want to come?
Okay.
Pull over for a second.
- [ENGINE SHUTS OFF]
- Okay.
CHRIS: Wow. I've heard
a lot about this place.
EMILY: It's home of
the Ancestral Pueblo peoples.
Some call them Anasazi.
You know. they ruled this area
for hundreds of years.
Let me grab my camera.
get some top view of this place.
There's still a lot
of unanswered questions
about their civilization.
Yeah. like
why they built those pits.
Allegedly contact
with extraterrestrials.
You okay?
Yeah.
We should get to the pueblo.
It's not too far.
[BREATHES DEEPLY]
[BARKING]
- EMILY: Just make a right here.
- CHRIS: Right here?
Yeah.
Not to be cynical. but...
I'm still not sure
how these people can help you.
Well. for starters.
they believe me.
These people.
they practically raised me.
They were there
when no one else cared.
They taught me what it was like
to have a family...
...and helped go through
some really hard times.
They're
pretty incredible people.
You might want
to show some respect.
I don't mean to be
disrespectful.
I'm just trying to understand.
You can pull up just right here
on the left.
- We made it.
- EMILY: Yep.
[DOGS BARKING. SHEEP BLEATING]
It's up here.
- [SMOOCHES]
- [DOG BARKS]
Hi. Pants.
You know these guys?
EMILY: Yeah.
Good boy.
[CHUCKLES]
[LIQUID BOILING]
Whew-whew!
- Whew.
- [CHUCKLES]
You ought to try
the sheep chili.
It's out of this world.
- Literally.
- [LAUGHS]
Elu.
I'm glad you came.
It has been too long.
- Mm.
- CHRIS: Elu?
It's the Indian name
I was given.
John. this is Chris Norton.
He's a filmmaker.
This is John Greatbear.
He's the village medicine man
and the closest thing
I have to a father.
More like grandpa.
He's the one
who says he can protect me.
But how can you protect her?
My people have history...
with the old ones.
We have made an arrangement
in the past.
Wait.
The "old ones"?
Is that the ancient
Ancestral Pueblo peoples?
[CHUCKLES]
Okay.
It's cold outside.
Thank you.
Hey. nice to meet you.
I'm Brent.
Camera guy.
I love chili.
There's a ritual.
Something that might
convince them not to take me.
It hasn't been done in a while.
but it can't hurt to try. right?
I just don't want
anything to happen to you.
I don't either.
[BIRD CRYING]
[SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC PLAYS.
DRUM PLAYING]
Come. my friend.
Sit with us.
Let us our mind in the cold...
...and warm our heart in here.
[CHANTING IN NATIVE LANGUAGE]
[LIQUID POURING]
[CHANTING CONTINUES]
[BREATHES DEEPLY]
Drink.
[CHANTING IN NATIVE LANGUAGE]
Don't be afraid.
Who... me?
You sure you want to do that?
Remember Malibu?
Doing mushrooms.
running around naked?
Not a good idea.
GREATBEAR:
[CHANTING IN NATIVE LANGUAGE]
What are you doing?
I want you to wear this
for a while.
I could never remember
where I actually got it.
So I just made up my own story.
I was with my mom.
and we were picking flowers.
And they smelt so wonderful.
and...
...then we turned
into the rainbow. and...
the little shadow
that runs across the grass
into the sunset.
This was always there
to remind me that...
sometimes dreams
are more real than the truth.
GREATBEAR:
[CHANTING IN NATIVE LANGUAGE]
Don't let go of the dream.
I won't.
See you on the other side.
[SINGING IN NATIVE LANGUAGE]
[SINGING CONTINUES]
[SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC PLAYS]
PETER:
[SPEAKING INDISTINCTLY]
CHRIS:
[SHOUTING INDISTINCTLY]
You took everything from me!
You took my mother!
[CRYING]
You took my mom!
[ECHOING]
You beat me. you beat me.
and you beat me!
You took my mom!
- [SHOUTING INDISTINCTLY]
- [CHANTING IN NATIVE LANGUAGE]
[ECHOING]
You took my mom!
[INDISTINCT SHOUTING]
[MAN SHOUTS INDISTINCTLY]
[GASPING]
[SIGHS]
I thought you were a dead man.
[GROANS]
BRENT: I thought you OD'd
on that stuff.
- What happened?
- You freaked out.
You don't remember anything?
No. not really.
[COUGHING]
[GROANS]
Hey.
- How are you feeling?
- [GROANING]
Oh. God.
Like I got run over by a truck.
[SIGHS]
So...
what's Crazy Bear saying?
Greatbear.
Nothing yet. He's waiting
to see if the ritual worked.
How long until we know?
- Couple hours.
- CHRIS: Oh. God.
[SCOFFS]
A couple hours.
We're supposed to sit here
and wait until then?
Yeah. pretty much.
I think my hand's turning blue.
[CHUCKLES]
Hmm? Oh.
Sorry.
[BREATHES DEEPLY]
How are you so calm?
I don't know.
Normally I'd be a wreck. but...
...I think it's you.
I just...
I don't feel afraid now
because of you.
That's the nicest thing
you've ever said to me.
[BREATHES DEEPLY]
All right. well...
...you got the rough cut
and the raw footage?
- Yeah. Why?
- All right.
I'm gonna get to work.
[GREATBEAR CHANTING
IN NATIVE LANGUAGE]
[BREATHES DEEPLY]
My name is Chris Norton.
And I'm
a documentary filmmaker.
I shot my first film.
if you can call it that.
on my 7th birthday.
[CHANTING IN NATIVE LANGUAGE]
EMILY: This way.
There is a way of a thing.
and some
outside our understanding.
The ceremony did not work.
I am very sorry.
What does that mean?
GREATBEAR: It means
the sky people will come.
They will take her.
There is nothing more
that we can do.
Do you know
how much time we wasted?
Hours.
We wasted hours.
I could have her
in Fort Knox by now.
It will not matter.
They need her.
CHRIS: What could
they possibly need her for?
GREATBEAR:
Something important.
Something they have lost
through time.
Their civilization
honors the rational mind.
but has forgotten the gift.
They need to find a way back...
...to their soul.
CHRIS: I drank your potion.
I trusted you.
We trusted you. You said
that you could help her.
Let's just go. okay?
Let's go. okay?
Let's go.
GREATBEAR: Elu.
You were chosen
for a great cause.
It is a burden
that is part of your destiny.
Don't let go of the dream.
my child.
[SNIFFLES]
I'm sorry.
- Okay. look. where are we going?
- I don't know where we're going.
Somewhere to protect her.
We need to get her
somewhere safe.
I don't know. Somewhere where we
can create a defense. all right?
Sounds like a plan.
Not sure what it means exactly.
But we'll get somewhere safe.
You don't understand.
It doesn't matter where we go...
- or what we do.
- Look out!
[TIRES SCREECH]
- [METAL CLANGS]
- What the hell is that?
Ah. but what the fuck is this?
CHRIS: No. no. no.
I'm gonna drive now.
- What?
- [ENGINE REVVING]
Chris.
Move the car!
I'm trying.
I'm trying. I'm trying.
- It's not going.
- Come on! Move!
CHRIS:
It's not moving!
- EMILY: Lock the doors!
- Oh. shit.
- BRENT: Don't!
- CHRIS: Emily! Emily!
- Emily!
- BRENT: Ow!
CHRIS: Aah! No!
- Emily!
- [ALL SCREAMING]
- [EMILY SCREAMING]
Emily! Emily!
Hey! Emily!
- [ELECTRICITY CRACKLES]
- Oh! Aah!
[ELECTRICITY BUZZING]
Aah!
You sons of bitches.
[BREATHING HEAVILY]
I didn't want it to come
to this. that's for sure.
I was told you were doing
a story on abduction.
not a hatchet job
on our way of life.
Then. when I found out
your true intent.
well. I asked you to leave.
but you didn't listen. did you?
It's all a bunch of bullshit?
Oh. no.
It's quite real.
We just help perpetuate
the truth.
Jesus Christ.
The footage is on the laptop.
but they might have copies.
BILL:
We have to be sure.
You were right about
the false memories. you know?
Even more than you think.
CHRIS:
What the fuck are you doing?
Don't worry.
I'm a pro.
I've done this a hundred times.
Now. back in the MK-Ultra days.
it was trial and error.
But now we got it
down to a science.
All it takes is a little
military-grade hallucinogen
and a little creative
set design.
and your subconscious mind
will absolutely be convinced
that this abduction was real.
Don't worry.
In a couple minutes.
you'll black out.
and two hours from now.
you'll remember
what everyone else does.
Aah! Aah!
Well. damn.
I missed the vein.
Steel rooms.
Figures in black.
Bright lights and... Hold still.
Hold still. God damn it.
You hold still.
'cause. otherwise.
I'll get the cattle prod.
and I'll hit you with it again.
Don't you worry.
It'll all be over soon.
And the great Chris Norton
will corroborate the truth.
That alien abductions are real.
- Aah! Aah!
- God damn it!
You crazy son of a bitch!
As usual. you just have to do it
the hard way. don't you?
Well...
...I think I'll just...
go get a cattle prod
and another needle.
Don't go anywhere...
...cowboy.
[BREATHING HEAVILY]
[GRUNTS]
[STRAINING]
BRENT: [COUGHING]
- Hey. man.
- Shh. shh. shh. shh. shh.
- Quiet.
- Where are we?
It's Bill.
We got to get out of here.
- What a dick.
- CHRIS: Quiet.
[STRAINING]
[GRUNTING]
Chris?
- CHRIS: All right.
- Where are we?
- Shh. shh. It's okay.
- Are we...
No.
It's all Bill.
- It's not real.
- What?
- Yeah.
- Bill?
What are you talking about?
- Chris?
- [INDISTINCT CONVERSATION]
Shh.
Shh. shh. shh.
It's all a hoax.
It's been Bill all along.
- What?
- CHRIS: It's all a setup.
It's all bullshit...
the metal table.
the abductions. all of it.
- Just breathe. okay?
- What are you talking about?
- Just breathe.
- It doesn't make any sense.
It happened to me my whole life.
CHRIS: It's all a hoax. It's all
bullshit. It's all a setup.
It doesn't make any sense.
The first time it happened.
I was so young.
It doesn't make any sense.
CHRIS:
I know. I know.
We're gonna do this together.
Come on.
I'm gonna get us out of here.
Man. you're bleeding.
Oh. yeah. There.
Yeah.
Just stay quiet. okay?
They're right out there.
Let's go.
All right.
I need a beer.
- Oh!
- You okay?
[SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC PLAYS]
Jesus.
Where are we?
What?
We got to turn around.
Find another way out.
Oh. shit.
Over here! Bill!
Watch him.
BILL: Yeah.
There ain't nowhere to go.
Is there. boy?
CHRIS: All right.
You don't want this
to get out of hand.
We'll give you all the footage.
and we'll go.
- [ELECTRICITY CRACKLING]
- [CHUCKLES]
[THUNDER CRASHES]
[THUNDER CRASHING]
Oh. my God.
[GASPING]
[CHOKING]
Bill.
No. Bill. stop! Stop!
- Bill!
- [SCREAMS]
Emily!
[GASPING]
[BREATHING HEAVILY]
Where...
Emily.
[BREATHES SHARPLY]
[GRUNTS]
[BREATHING HEAVILY]
Okay. Emily.
Wake... up.
[DOWN-TEMPO MUSIC PLAYS]
Emily. Emily.
I need you
to listen to my voice.
Okay?
I need you to come back to me.
I've never met anyone like you
in my life.
You're kind to people.
You take care of them.
Emily.
I need you to wake up.
That's it.
You can do it.
Concentrate on my voice.
Concentrate.
You can create your own dreams.
Okay.
That's it.
There you go.
[GASPS]
- Chris?
- Yeah.
EMILY: You're here.
[GROANS]
[WHIMPERS]
[BREATHING HEAVILY]
[GROANING]
Are you okay?
Yeah.
Oh. God.
- Help me out here.
- I'm afraid if I push
the wrong one.
something bad will happen.
Yeah. well.
we gotta try something. right?
And I won't hold it against you
if my eyeballs explode
or anything.
Come on.
No pressure.
Oh. Good.
What do we do now?
I don't know. Figure out
how to get the hell out of here.
[SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC PLAYS]
Who's there?
What? Chris.
What do you want?
Stay back.
No. No more of that.
We're done with that.
How many times have
I told you never to do this?!
- NELL: You get off him!
- Hey!
Stay out of it!
I don't remember this.
- What is wrong with you?!
- Get away! Hey!
Stop it! Shut up!
[INDISTINCT ARGUING]
Nell!
Where are you going?!
Are you happy now?!
Just come on back!
Chris.
Go on. keep back.
Nell!
[RUMBLING]
[ELECTRICITY CRACKLES]
What?
They took you.
No.
That's impossible.
Make it stop.
Make it...
What do you want?!
Aah! Aah.
Aah! Uhh!
Stop. Please.
Please stop!
Who are you?
We are the product of human
evolution over many years.
What?
In time. our ego crystallized.
We have become tethered
to reason.
and something is lost.
What are you doing to us?
We erased the bad memories
to understand if your future
could be different
than the past.
We don't need you.
Not anymore.
Please.
We just want to go home.
BRENT: Hey. guys.
Did you see that light?
You...
Did you guys see that UFO...
in the sky?
Huh?
Don't ignore me.
Hey. Hey. guys.
[GASPS] Hey!
Over here!
KELLY:
Channel 4. NMX News.
We have reports
of strange lights.
- MAN: Who are you?
- BRENT: We're filmmakers.
We're from Hollywood.
We're making a documentary.
CARLOS: An unbelievable story
that adds yet another claim
of alien abduction
in our community.
Our reporter Kelly Lamas
has the story.
- Kelly.
- Thank you. Carlos.
I'm in McKinley County.
where local artist Emily Reed...
CHRIS: Turns out we were gone
for only two hours.
Kyle disappeared.
As for us. we can
only remember flashes. but...
we remember enough.
Are you on any narcotics?
BRENT:
I'm not sure what happened.
There was a light in the sky.
And I think...
I think it was UFO.
Our story was dismissed
as being the product
of hallucinogenic drugs.
The irony is. I became the
thing I was most resistant to.
- I became the story.
- ...may finally shed some light
on this
controversial phenomenon.
Is it aliens. or is it just
the mind playing tricks?
- [EXPLOSION]
- Take that!
[GUNFIRE. EXPLOSION]
- CHRIS: What?!
- MAN: Oh!
BRENT: Oh. no!
[INDISTINCT SHOUTING]
- CHRIS: Brent! Come on!
- BRENT: These things happen.
WOMAN: You know what?
I actually like you.
- CHRIS: What do you mean?
- BRENT: Nothing.
EMILY: You know what happens
when we tell him.
CHRIS: I know. but Brent
likes to participate.
EMILY:
He's gonna make it worse.
CHRIS:
He likes to participate.
He likes
to feel like he's part of it.
Surprise!
TOGETHER: Surprise!
- Hey. give me the face.
- Yeah!
- Is it for me?
- Yeah. it's for you.
[INDISTINCT CONVERSATIONS]
- It's okay.
- MAN: It's okay.
CHRIS: Happy 7th birthday.
[BLOWS]
We saw a light in the trees.
And I got up.
Went up for a closer look.
And I was hit by a blast
of energy from the craft
that knocked me unconscious.
I woke up on board the craft.
Do you have any hard.
actual. physical evidence?
Subtitles by explosiveskull
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm